Hey, guys, what's up?
This is a marathon, and I welcome you to another Dooralong on this course, on Ruby and in this story
that we are going to see how to convert an area to a strengthening.
The previous minister, Doria, you have seen how to use the map function.
So in this, literally, we are going to see how to convert an area to a strength and then we are going
to use the China method and talk some.
Stuff about that gyne method.
And finally, we are going to see how are you going to use the map function over here as well.
So starting on how to convert an array to a string, so all object in Ruby have basically to underscore
this method, which converts the object to a string.
And this is what the print statement uses.
Given any kind of area you have O'Haire, it is going to convert that error into a string and you have
already covered that in the previous tutorial as well.
So I don't think I need to get into example of that.
So.
Then comes the giant method, not the giant method, going towards an area to a string, but it gives
you much more control of how you want the elements combined.
The giant method takes an argument that specifies the character you want to use as a separator to transform
the area into a string of another.
You can just ride in any kind of that argument as a parameter and that is going to be specified.
What I'm talking is that can give you an example of that.
So, for example, you have, let's say X equals to a set of areas.
And in that, let's say you have got Debow.
And then you have got Ben, let's say you have got, let's say, benzyl.
And let's say you have got a chair as well.
So these are the four elements you have in this area where you can do over here is that you can use
the drying method over here.
So we are going to write in.
One more variable over here, so that it be and so that it looks much more like John dropping, so it
is going to be equal to X dot joint.
And what you can do is that you can just write a separator in between.
So if this is a single sentence, so what you want is that you want these all the stuff removed from
here and you want it to form a single sentence so you can just write in the separate overhead between
all of these elements around this code.
And you can see, all right, we have to just print it out as well.
So we're going to run anywhere here on this code.
And you can see that you have got all of this as a single statement table and then so chair and you
have got spaces in between all of these.
If you wanted each element to be separated by a comma and a space, you can use a comma and a space
as your delimiter over here.
So you can just write into a space where you can run this and you can see that you have got this.
So, for example, you have just a statement that says I.
And.
And and finally, you've got instructor over here.
So if you want to join them, you don't need this or underscored and you can see that it says I am an
instructor.
So that's why this joint function is going to work.
Now, if you don't specify an argument to the joint method, you will get a string, but it won't have
any kind of delimiter.
So if you just remove this from here or on this goal, you are going to see that you have got I am an
instructor and you've got no kind of special spaces in between this.
So using the joint method in conjunction with the map is going to be a quick way to transform an area
of data into an output.
Now use the map to transform each element in the data.
Then use the giant to transform the whole thing into a string you can print out now.
Remember our example of transforming this?
I am an instructor line area into an HDMI elements.
We have in the previous year when we were using the tablature thing and we converted into the HDMI in
which we enclose it in the option deck.
Now, here we are going to use the same example again, but this time we will use the joint to convert
the array of elements into a string with newline character as the separator.
So what we are going to do over here is that we are going to use, let's say, this very same Aubagio,
that is I am an instructor and I'm going to first use the map function.
So Oakhill, what I'm going to write and I'm going to write an obesity.
Equal to.
X dot map.
And in here, I'm going to define the variable Y and I'm going to write and these.
Option tags are here.
And I'm going to use interpolation to write in this wiwa here.
And finally, I'm going to close the option tag as well.
So now what I'm going to do is now I'm going to use the joint function of here as well.
So what I'm going to do is that I'm going to write in.
Output.
Is equal to whatever is the result of this.
I'm going to read an op ed dot.
Join and what I'm going to do is that in the previous year, you can you would have noticed that it
appeared and the default format.
So now what you can do is that you can use the separator of your own choice.
So in here, let's I want the separator to be a new line space.
We'll just remove this from here.
We don't need this anymore because we have got to output in a separate line now and you can just right
and put out run this code and you can see that you have got every tag in a separate line just because
of this giant function, if you want it, as they just separated by some line space is run this.
You can see that you have got everyone separated by a line speed.
So that's how you can use the map function in conjunction with the joint method.
And that is a very helpful thing to do.
Now, instead of converting an area to a stream, you might want to get a total of its content or perform
some kind of other transformation that result in a single value as well.
But that is what is a part of the next tutorial.
So what is the Dorelle?
That's it.
Thank you so much, guys, for watching and I will see you guys in the next tutorial.